README.md, before:

# Twingly Search API Node

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/twingly/twingly-search-api-node.png?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/twingly/twingly-search-api-node)

A Node.js library for Twingly's Search API (previously known as Analytics API). Twingly is a blog search service that provides a searchable API known as [Twingly Search API](https://developer.twingly.com/resources/search/).

## Installation

Install npm

```shell
npm install --save twingly-search
```

## Usage

```javascript
var Client = require('twingly-search').Client;

var client = new Client();
var query = client.query();
query.searchQuery = 'github page-size:10 lang:sv';

query.execute(function(error, result){
    if (error != false) {
        console.error(error);
    } else {
        for(var i in result.posts) {
            console.log(result.posts[i].url);
        }
    }
});
```

The `twingly-search` library talks to a commercial blog search API and requires an API key. Best practice is to set the `TWINGLY_SEARCH_KEY` environment variable to the obtained key. `Client` can be passed a key at initialization if your setup does not allow environment variables.

The library is documented with [jsdoc](http://usejsdoc.org/). To generate the documentation run

```shell
npm run doc
```

Example code can be found in [examples/](examples/).

To learn more about the capabilities of the API, please read the [Twingly Search API documentation](https://developer.twingly.com/resources/search/).

## Requirements

* API key, [sign up](https://www.twingly.com/try-for-free) via [twingly.com](https://www.twingly.com/) to get one
* Node.js (any version listed in [`.travis.yml`](.travis.yml))

## Development

### Testing

To run all tests simply execute

    npm test

Run with test order (per file) randomized by [rocha](https://github.com/bahmutov/rocha)

    npm run random

To run a particular test case

    npm test test/test_query

or use [`--grep`](https://mochajs.org/#usage)

    npm test -- --grep parser

[npm]: https://npmjs.com

### Release workflow

Docs: [`npm-version`](https://docs.npmjs.com/cli/version), [`npm-publish`](https://docs.npmjs.com/cli/publish), [`npm-adduser`](https://docs.npmjs.com/cli/adduser) (`npm login` is an alias to adduser)

Bump the version in [client.js](./lib/client.js) and commit.

Make sure you are logged in as [twingly](https://www.npmjs.com/~twingly):

    npm login

Bump the version:

    npm version [<newversion> | major | minor | patch]

Example (current version is `0.0.0`):

    npm version major

`npm version` will bump the `version` in `package.json` to `1.0.0`, make a commit with that change, tag that commit `v1.0.0` and push the commit and tag.

Publish the latest version to the registry:

    npm publish .


## License

The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2016 Twingly AB

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of
this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in
the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to
use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of
the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so,
subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR
COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER
IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN
CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

Commit message:

Use key from ENV when recording fixtures
Before this you had to add your real API key to the test_query.js
file to record a fixture. You then had to remove the key again.

Sepia doesn't remove the real API key from the recorded fixture though.
"sepiaVcr.filter" only makes sure that calls with different API
keys uses the same fixture. The recorded fixture still contains the
real API key.

Also added a line to the README about removing the API key from fixtures.
That has always been the case (even with nock-vcr), but now it's at
least documented. (#29)

close #17

README.md, after:

# Twingly Search API Node

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/twingly/twingly-search-api-node.png?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/twingly/twingly-search-api-node)

A Node.js library for Twingly's Search API (previously known as Analytics API). Twingly is a blog search service that provides a searchable API known as [Twingly Search API](https://developer.twingly.com/resources/search/).

## Installation

Install npm

```shell
npm install --save twingly-search
```

## Usage

```javascript
var Client = require('twingly-search').Client;

var client = new Client();
var query = client.query();
query.searchQuery = 'github page-size:10 lang:sv';

query.execute(function(error, result){
    if (error != false) {
        console.error(error);
    } else {
        for(var i in result.posts) {
            console.log(result.posts[i].url);
        }
    }
});
```

The `twingly-search` library talks to a commercial blog search API and requires an API key. Best practice is to set the `TWINGLY_SEARCH_KEY` environment variable to the obtained key. `Client` can be passed a key at initialization if your setup does not allow environment variables.

The library is documented with [jsdoc](http://usejsdoc.org/). To generate the documentation run

```shell
npm run doc
```

Example code can be found in [examples/](examples/).

To learn more about the capabilities of the API, please read the [Twingly Search API documentation](https://developer.twingly.com/resources/search/).

## Requirements

* API key, [sign up](https://www.twingly.com/try-for-free) via [twingly.com](https://www.twingly.com/) to get one
* Node.js (any version listed in [`.travis.yml`](.travis.yml))

## Development

### Testing

To run all tests simply execute

    npm test

Run with test order (per file) randomized by [rocha](https://github.com/bahmutov/rocha)

    npm run random

To run a particular test case

    npm test test/test_query

or use [`--grep`](https://mochajs.org/#usage)

    npm test -- --grep parser

To record new fixtures, first remove the fixture and its associated `.headers` file.
For fixtures requiring you to use a real API key you can specify it with:

    TWINGLY_SEARCH_KEY=... npm test

**IMPORTANT: The recorded fixture contains the API key. After recording a new fixture you need to remove the API key from the fixture manually. ([issue #29](https://github.com/twingly/twingly-search-api-node/issues/29))**

[npm]: https://npmjs.com

### Release workflow

Docs: [`npm-version`](https://docs.npmjs.com/cli/version), [`npm-publish`](https://docs.npmjs.com/cli/publish), [`npm-adduser`](https://docs.npmjs.com/cli/adduser) (`npm login` is an alias to adduser)

Bump the version in [client.js](./lib/client.js) and commit.

Make sure you are logged in as [twingly](https://www.npmjs.com/~twingly):

    npm login

Bump the version:

    npm version [<newversion> | major | minor | patch]

Example (current version is `0.0.0`):

    npm version major

`npm version` will bump the `version` in `package.json` to `1.0.0`, make a commit with that change, tag that commit `v1.0.0` and push the commit and tag.

Publish the latest version to the registry:

    npm publish .


## License

The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2016 Twingly AB

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of
this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in
the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to
use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of
the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so,
subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR
COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER
IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN
CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
